# Travelpal3
The problem our team is focusing on is how we can make a website where any solo traveler never feels alone. People generally face problem in finding the right companion for them to travel to their dream destinations. Our website focuses on making a user-friendly interface where any solo traveler can find their perfect companion on the basis of their travel interests. The website will be named “TRAVELPAL” which will help you find the right group of people who will be your companion for your dream trip!
Our website will have an opening interface where people can search for their dream destinations and the perfect and valuable trip package apt for their interests along with some suitable travel guides whom will be available with them throughout the trip providing them with the right guidance and hospitality. Then according to their choices our website will showcase the profiles of other people having the same urge as them. Its like a social media platform which is able to connect travel freak people from all over the world. 
The website will be made using html, CSS and java-script. The website initiates with a portal where the user can make his/her profile by entering their details such as name, age, address and personal travelling interests and whether they want to travel alone or want to find their companions. After they are done making their travelling profile, we will find all the dream destinations which are generally loved by the majority of people. Then we will make valuable and dreamy travel packages which will be showcased on the website having the details such as the places, activities and the duration of the trip. After the user is done with selecting the suitable travel package he or she will be redirected to a page where they will find the profiles of the people having similar dream destinations and budget. They can match each other’s profile and after that they can plan their trip using our chat section. The chat section will allow the user to plan their whole trip together and to get to know each other before the actual trip. 
Basically, our website named “TRAVELPAL” will be the dream website for all the travel freaks across the world. From now onwards no one shall feel alone or think twice before planning to travel anywhere in the whole world. Our website got it planned for you!
